README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/Nythiennzo/Mohack-2017-submissions/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/Nythiennzo/Mohack-2017-submissions/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Update README.md with 2017 submissions

README.md, after:

## My Mohack 2017 submissions
Hello World!

Below is the list of issues on which I contributed:

### [hello-world: Edit README for adding instructions to run Julia in Windows and MacOS](https://github.com/salman-bhai/hello-world/issues/108)
It was quite simple to find the the instructions on Julia's official website.
Click [here](https://github.com/salman-bhai/hello-world/pull/188) to go to my pull request.

### [cookiecutter: Catch up on missing historical items](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter/issues/709)
This task was the longest. It took me more that 3 hours to go through the whole commits list.
Click [here](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter/pull/1015) to go to my pull request.

### [cookiecutter: Possible solution for documentation re Windows](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter/issues/733)
This task was quite simple. I had to look through the document and decide where the information would be appropriate.
Click [here](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter/pull/1016) to go to my pull request.

### [motivate: Add 20 quotes](https://github.com/mubaris/motivate/issues/3)
This task was the simplest. Just a JSON file.
Click [here](https://github.com/mubaris/motivate/pull/88) to go to my pull request.

### [NoSQLMap: application crashes if no random string size is entered](https://github.com/codingo/NoSQLMap/issues/45)
This was my first time using python. I contacted the moderator since I was not able to run it. It was nice to learn python's syntax just to fix the problem.
Click [here](https://github.com/codingo/NoSQLMap/pull/62) to go to my pull request.

### Others
I also tried many other issues but could not get them to work. I think the most difficult part was to get the development environments right.
